1) Set up both virtual machines on VirtualBox with the storage allocated to have 2048MB. The network has a bridged connection in order to ensure that each virtual machine is able to communicate on the same IP subnet.
Screenshots have been attached to the repository for visuals.

2) Next, the Ubuntu server needs to be configured in order install all of the dependencies needed to run the Safeline WAF. Programs like Apache2, PHP, and MySQL will be installed.

3) Now that the server is set up, we need to install DVWA (Damn Vulnerable Web Application) which is what we're going to be using in order to test out well-known vulnerabilities. If the WAF was installed and configured correctly, it
should be able to block the vulnerability from being exploited.

4) When configuring the DVWA database, the config file in DVWA/config is named config.inc.php.dist. I changed the user from 'dvwa' to 'dvwa_user' as it coincided with the database
name and I had to copy the .dist file to config.inc.php by using the command line prompt "sudo cp config.inc.php.dist config.inc.php" in order for the DVWA site to show up on the Kali machine.

5) After configuring both Apache2 files, I attempted to restart Apache using systemct1 instead of systemctl (putting this here as a reminder of the correct command).

6) In the MySQL database, we inserted custom data with relatively simple username/password combinations in order to test for SQL injections.

7) After the installation of the Safeline WAF, we are provided a username/password combination along with the IP address in order to access it on the Kali Linux machine.

8) In order to create a self-signed certificate, I had to use the following command prompts:
* sudo openssl genrsa -out priv.key 4096 (this creates a key that will be used to sign the certificate)
* sudo openssl req -new -key priv.key -out priv.csr (this will prompt you to enter in information that will be added to the certificate)
* sudo openssl x509 -req -days 365 -in priv.csr -signkey priv.key -out priv.crt (this creates the certificate that is shown in the screenshot that corresponds to this step)

9)
